[Music]
let's admit the truth of life some
people always try to impress others how
do they do it typically with the help of
things and while some objects can amaze
with their uniqueness or unusual design
or outstanding quality a number of them
take first prizes because of their
ridiculously high cost and you will
never guess how much money people pay to
own something unique number 9 a diamond
pacifier the most expensive pacifier in
the world is made of silicone the handle
is white gold inlaid with 280 diamonds
its cost is $17,000 but if this price
seems unreasonably high don't worry
one company based in Australia produces
pacifiers of a more economical range you
can buy a yellow and white gold one for
450 bucks and a silver one for a hundred
and eighty number eight a vacuum cleaner
inlaid with Swarovski crystals have you
ever wondered if your desire to tidy up
your flat depends on how pretty your
vacuum cleaner is well if it does then
you definitely need to purchase this
device the vacuum is so expensive and
sparkly that it even got into the
Guinness World Records book it is
decorated with 3730 Swarovski crystals
and costs twenty thousand dollars it was
born from the cooperation of Electrolux
and designer Lukasik smith Alto the
creators declare that the main
characteristics of the device is its
ability to hover up any crystals falling
off its sides immediately maybe it's
their way of joking number 7 an electric
wheel suitcase this cute suitcase is
price is twenty thousand dollars it is
made of different exotic materials such
as horsehair evany magnesium aluminum
titanium and various kinds of leather
also its wheels have electric engines in
them if you need to turn them on tilt
the suitcase and pull on the handle your
luggage will go wherever the handle is
indicating yep your suitcase will follow
you everywhere
like a faithful dog just keep it away
from the fire hydrants number six golden
shoelaces a company called mr. Kennedy
produces extraordinary good they weave
gold and silver threads into the
shoelaces to make one set by hand
usually takes about 120 hours two
variants are available made from silver
and gold a pair of golden shoelaces cost
nineteen thousand dollars they can be
shipped internationally through a secure
postal service or a customer can choose
elite delivery number five a crocodile
leather umbrella the most expensive
umbrella in the world is made of black
crocodile leather and cost fifty
thousand dollars this luxury item is
produced by fashion brand billionaire
Couture founded by Italian millionaire
Flavio Briatore a and designer Angelo
Galasso this umbrellas water resistance
is especially enhanced courtesy of the
crocodile no doubt number four a golden
bicycle a bicycle covered with 24 karat
gold is a sight to behold the bikes
price starts from three hundred ninety
two thousand dollars that is the price
of the gold layer the rest of the money
as the total cost is four hundred
thousand dollars is paid for service
imagine how hard it is to apply all this
treasure to the bicycle including every
single detail even the gear chain and
the tips of the handlebars the saddle
limited edition of course is covered
with soft suede the bike has racing
tires as well oh you know just in case
maybe the owner will spontaneously
decide to participate in the Tour de
France number three a bed decorated with
gold and precious stones this luxurious
bed by Stuart Hughes costs a whopping
six point three million bucks its frame
is made from the best types of ash
chestnut and chair all this magnificence
is decorated with 235 pounds of 240
karat gold as well as diamonds and
sapphires all the decorating made by
hand
that's what you call sleep like royalty
number two of gold iPhone with a diamond
it's not a regular iPhone six luxury
brand Falcon opened a new page in the
history of the device they have created
a smartphone coated with gold or
platinum and inlaid with a pink diamond
it costs 48 million dollars if you want
to save a bit of money there are cheaper
models for you to choose for example
models with an orange diamond will cost
42 and a half million dollars and with a
blue 132 and a half million and number
one blue dumplings golden Gate's
restaurant in New York offers its
customers these dumplings where apart
from veal pork and beef there is one
more ingredient it is the gland of a
deep-water horned lantern fish which
gives the dumpling their peculiar blue
tent they are said to be exceptionally
delicious and clients give away their
money to taste this wonder and we speak
about big money
a portion of eight dumplings cost $2,400
a portion of sixteen forty four hundred
dollars as this video made you laugh or
get shot then hit the like button please
share it with your friends to make their
day don't forget to click Subscribe to
join us on the bright side of life